DEVPROD-32299 Clarify expansions_and_vars behavior in debug spawn hosts (#10139)
evergreen-ci/evergreen: docs/Project-Configuration/Project-and-Distro-Settings.md

Options:

- Checking **private** makes the variable redacted so the value won't be
  visible on the projects page or by API routes. Note that private
  variables may still be accessible on [debug spawn hosts](../Hosts/Debug-Spawn-Hosts.md) by users,
  since these hosts run tasks on behalf of the user, which requires fetching expansions as part of that

>   process. For truly sensitive values, use **admin only** instead, as these will be restricted even on debug spawn hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  process. For values that must not be accessible even on debug hosts, use **admin only** instead, as these will be restricted even on debug spawn hosts.
```
wording nit since many private variables are "truly sensitive" as well.
